fares v2 clarification (#1)
hove-io/ntfs-specification: ntfs_fare_extension.md

File | Constraint | Comment
--- | --- | ---
tickets.txt | Optional | Contains tickets declaration.
ticket_prices.txt | Optional | Contains prices of a ticket.
ticket_uses.txt | Optional | Contains where the ticket can be used
ticket_use_perimeters.txt | Optional | Defines the networks and lines of a ticket_use
ticket_use_restrictions.txt | Optional | Defines a use of a ticket between zones or stop_areas

A ticket definition requires to be valid :
* a ticket
* a ticket use
* a ticket use perimeter

> A ticket price is strongly recommanded. If not privided, Navitia will provide a ticket without price 'or with a 0€ price).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ticket price is strongly recommended. If not provided, Navitia will provide a ticket without price (or with a null price).
```

Author: Thanks for the typos, it's fixed. For the 0€, it's the actual response of navitia if there is no price and the NTFS is provided by transit_model (backward compatibility of fares). Thus I'm in favor of keeping it like this
